Review user guide (#979)
ansible/receptor: docs/source/upgrade/receptor_upgrade_index.rst

Receptor Upgrades
=================

> Feedback on the upgrade guides can be submitted by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit feedback on the Receptor upgrade guides by:
```

> - Creating issue on github in ansible/receptor

Reviewer 2: Same comment about linking the repo.
